oh my gosh oh my gosh oh my gosh uh uh
uh what was ringing - why are you
screaming
nothing it's just cuz I just woke up and
I just dream that tails loved it
they will kill lucky pop my like ha like
that this could be out psychic don't
worry it was just a bad nightmare let's
just go and see what
there's e okay um
chef Phil's bring excuse me chef fatty
hey fatso please get up
hey fatso can you least so far something
gonna get up um chef Hillary he's dead
how is he dead ouch
oh I'm pick you up hmm there you go
we always dead oh ho ho Lucic make some
little food yeah um uh Sonic what is it
look what would you like to play come
play with me let's go
nobody escapes me not even you
not even a fiver oh gosh I think it's
probably safe here yeah I agree I think
it's probably safe here
hopefully Patil that doesn't come and
kill us
you
sonic don't you hear something but what
I don't hear anything
Oh living I mean came for the sunshine
backwards oh I think we're doing my
degree so that they probably become real
why why me I don't know hello oh I know
where it's coming from where where this
iPhone of Katya I heart did it
I can't be true I hope you didn't really
honest I did can't you see it's plain
living
I mean caifa sunshine backwards ha ha
ouch
now with the thing off my ears out kind
of hurts because you who will headache
hearing that song oh go ahead run outrun
me come on iPhone let's go I would have
caught you
Hey
because you didn't do people what's not
like you do
what makes it tails uh could you to us
ouch I don't know how can we turn good
let's see huh let's let's use this knife
or you sure let's say we kill a little
earth-like life exactly why are you
gonna do to me oh really freaking me out
yes I think he did die so quickly yeah I
don't want to die
me neither you wouldn't kill us right
yeah you wouldn't do that
right right kills off you wouldn't kill
us yeah you can probably drink good I'm
gonna hear this not anymore
I know you're the best what you have to
kiss me let's go see if he's okay
just make sure that's not really him
let's say just play trick or curse on us
just make these actually good hope he's
not dead
no I'm probably passed out a little bit
hi guys oh hey naughty one
oh that's great oh why why would I be
evil I don't know why because you turn
to you I woke up I had this really crazy
to me that you like ahh and the screen
in front of my face about to kill me
yeah ah sorry did that to you another
kill you again we hug you and suddenly
he's trying to hug the pony yeah sorry
and I'll never kill you either you're a
best friend since
sonic guard I know I know but let's
people make up that rumor which probably
well started out making me was all those
rumors so that after you're in the game
why is everybody think of evil if I was
able do you think I'd Ollie look cute I
like you tails are you're just gonna
scare all those people for making us
they're making really really killing us
yeah so I don't everybody should do that
right now cuz otherwise people just
gonna nearly get scared angry okay back
to normal or am I just kidding I know
really people know a way we don't know
don't don't stop don't don't get out I
don't what stood you dead
um let's go yeah oh this is cut cheese
iPhone I guess you didn't know um um it
did get haunted but I'm not gonna kill
you no don't get out